Oh! I am flying the flight of Love, high in the sky
I am hungover with the feeling of Love
My feet do not even touch the ground
There are endless springs and fountains of Love (everywhere I look)
And at night, sweet sweet dreams disturb me
I have lost myself, I have lost myself
These stranger’s eyes have connected with me
Even if I desired to, I cannot stop my heart
I have taken a step into the realm of love
I have lost myself, I have lost myself
These stranger’s eyes have connected with me
I will take the universe into my arms
To whom can I explain this feeling of love
Yes, even the flowers seem brighter and more saturate
The water of love has washed their petals
For today I have fallen in love with thee
I have lost myself, I have lost myself
These stranger’s eyes have connected with me
Even if I desired to, I cannot stop my heart
I have taken a step into the realm of love
I have lost myself, I have lost myself
These stranger’s eyes have connected with me
This tale of my love is an epic story
Oh! This tale of my love is an epic story
I feel shy when I see myself in (interact with the) mirror
I’ve not slept for ages, I have not even brushed upon my hair
Not slept, I have not even brushed upon my hair
I cannot tell of my condition, nor can I hide it
Such is the effect of their eyes, they have failed to understand
I have lost myself, I have lost myself
Yes! These stranger’s eyes have connected with me
These stranger’s eyes have connected with me
Even if I desired to, I can not stop my heart
I have taken a step into the realm of love
I have lost myself, I have lost myself
These stranger’s eyes have connected with me
Oh! They whom are protected by the eye of the lord
Only they are attached to true love
Yes, in my very pores, Satinder is embedded
In my very pores, Satinder is embedded
My own ‘parandi’ (ponytail) is stinging me (like a snake bite)
For as long as he discreetly smiled at me
I have lost myself, I have lost myself
Oh! They whom are protected by the eye of the lord
Even if I desired to, I cannot stop my heart
I have taken a step into the realm of love
I have lost myself, I have lost myself
Oh! They whom are protected by the eye of the lord